Now since you use Git
to manage your source code for an application
or website or anything like that,
we need some source code in order to play around with Git.
That's why, attached to this video,
you'll find an index.html file
which is a file that would display
a very simple website which we will use as a project
and as a starting point to dive into Git.
You find this file attached and you should move that file
into a folder somewhere on your system,
which you then open as a project
with your favorite code editor.
Here, in my case, I'm using Visual Studio Code,
which is an amazing, very fast,
and totally free code editor and IDE,
which you can download from code.visualstudio.com.
It's a very powerful IDE that offers tons
of configuration options and extensions
that you can install into it, and you can download it
for all operating systems on that website.
However, it's not a must use.
You can use any IDE for this course
since this is also not a coding or development course.
But instead, we'll focus on GitHub Actions later.
Now, once you did open the folder
that contains this index.html file
with your favorite editor, you're ready to go.
By the way, here I also got a .vscode folder
that holds some project-specific editor settings,
for example, the zoomLevel I set here.
You don't need that folder or these settings.
I did only add these settings for recording purposes here.
So here we got this index.html file.
We got our starting project.
How can we now use Git with that?